app/code/community/Magmodules/Feedbackcompany            app/code/community/Magmodules/Feedbackcompany
app/etc/modules/Magmodules_Feedbackcompany.xml            app/etc/modules/Magmodules_Feedbackcompany.xml
app/locale/en_US/Magmodules_Feedbackcompany.csv            app/locale/en_US/Magmodules_Feedbackcompany.csv
app/locale/nl_NL/Magmodules_Feedbackcompany.csv            app/locale/nl_NL/Magmodules_Feedbackcompany.csv
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/magmodules_feedbackcompany.xml            app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/magmodules_feedbackcompany.xml
app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/magmodules_feedbackcompany.xml            app/design/frontend/base/default/layout/magmodules_feedbackcompany.xml
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/index.phtml            app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/index.phtml
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/sidebar/left.phtml            app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/sidebar/left.phtml
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/sidebar/right.phtml            app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/sidebar/right.phtml
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/widget/header.phtml            app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/widget/header.phtml
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/widget/medium.phtml            app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/widget/medium.phtml
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/widget/sidebar.phtml            app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/widget/sidebar.phtml
app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/widget/small.phtml            app/design/frontend/base/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/widget/small.phtml
app/design/frontend/rwd/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/widget/header.phtml            app/design/frontend/rwd/default/template/magmodules/feedbackcompany/widget/header.phtml
skin/adminhtml/default/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/grid.css            skin/adminhtml/default/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/grid.css
skin/adminhtml/default/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/star.png            skin/adminhtml/default/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/star.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/5-stars-empty.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/5-stars-empty.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/5-stars-full.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/5-stars-full.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/bkg_rating.gif            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/bkg_rating.gif
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/bkg_rating2x.gif            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/bkg_rating2x.gif
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/greystar.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/greystar.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/logo.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/logo.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/small_fill.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/small_fill.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/small_grey.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/small_grey.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/sprites.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/sprites.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/sprites@2x.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/sprites@2x.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/star.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/star.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-big-empty.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-big-empty.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-big-empty@2x.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-big-empty@2x.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-big-filling.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-big-filling.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-big-filling@2x.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-big-filling@2x.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-medium-empty.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-medium-empty.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-medium-empty@2x.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-medium-empty@2x.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-medium-filling.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-medium-filling.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-medium-filling@2x.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-medium-filling@2x.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-small-empty.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-small-empty.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-small-empty@2x.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-small-empty@2x.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-small-filling.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-small-filling.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-small-filling@2x.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-colorful-small-filling@2x.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-grayscale-small-empty.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-grayscale-small-empty.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-grayscale-small-empty@2x.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-grayscale-small-empty@2x.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-grayscale-small-filling.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-grayscale-small-filling.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-grayscale-small-filling@2x.png            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/images/stars-grayscale-small-filling@2x.png
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/richsnippets.css            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/richsnippets.css
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/sidebar.css            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/sidebar.css
skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/style.css            skin/frontend/base/default/magmodules/feedbackcompany/style.css